we are camping
good morning everyone we're surrounded
hi hi everybody we're going camping
today hi everybody
what are we doing Parker camping camping
yeah
so let's look at all this stuff in our
car we barely have room for the children
we have today we're going camping we're
super excited about it we are an hour
late to the campground and it takes an
hour to get there so we're gonna be at
least two hours late that's the plan and
I think we actually have to stop at the
store and pick up some of the food that
we're going to consume whilst we're
camping
we are camping look at these guys
setting up the tags Jacob what are you
doing yeah rogue bike they are how are
you doing camping
you got your camping helmet on yeah keep
them safe while camping how are the
strawberries so this is Katie and
crystal and we're camping all together
with families and friends it's amazing
kids are all here and we're so excited
and could see this it's really fun hey
are you wanna stay where I'm just gonna
say where we are it's a place where by
traveling we don't live here but me but
we don't even hear her phone number her
personal number come on over let me give
you my number
logging yeah you just invite them this
is our brand-new tent it is a nine
person tent and there are five of us so
we've got a little room to spare very
spacious I'm filling up our air mattress
right now the kids air mattress is
already set up
oh you guys are adorable this is where
Parker's gonna sleep that's Kathryn hi
Kathryn this is Jacob hey Bailey I don't
think we've shown them your camping
outfits yet this is what they thought
would be the best camping outfits
very very nice he is not going to sleep
little awkward
[Music]
Bayley look up at the sky and tell me if
you see a bat look where my hand is yeah
you see the bat pretty cool so bat yeah
they're really they're really nice bat
they eat bugs hi let's talk about what
we learned today we learned that when
you're camping it's important to be
prepared always pack your camping helmet
for safety
we learned there's gonna be a big party
at Crystal's house and everyone's
invited and finally I just got two words
for you
camping swag thanks for watching
everybody
[Music]
don't forget the noodles bud cutters are
a nice touch